DOCS-2721: Clarify module naming in reference (#3612)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/modular-resources.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Name | Type | Required? | Description |
| ---- | ---- | --------- | ----------- |

> | `attributes` | object | Sometimes **Required** | Any configuration attributes for your model Check the module's GitHub Readme for information about available configuration attributes for a resource. |

Reviewer: Then conventionally this is marked with optional
```suggestion
| `attributes` | object | Optional | Any configuration attributes for your model Check the module's GitHub Readme for information about available configuration attributes for a resource. |
```
